PYGAME Module guidelines

0) surface is a screen object. A surface in Pygame is a part of the screen where you display a game element.

1) when choosing artwork for your games, be sure to pay attention to licensing. The safest and cheapest way to start is to use freely licensed 
graphics that you can modify from a website like http://pixabay.com/. You can use almost any type of image, but the easiest way is to use a 
bitmap (.bmp) file because Pygame loads bitmaps by default. Tools to convert other type of images to bitmap are eg. Photoshop, GIMP or Paint.

2) - To center a game element one can use: center, centerx or centery attributes of a rect. 
   - To work with edges: top, bottom, left or right attributes
   - Adjusting horizontal or vertical placement of a surface: x or y coordinates (coordinates of top-left corner of a rect)
   - In Pygame, the origin (0, 0) is at the top-left corner of the screen and coordinates increase as you go down and to the right

3) KEYDOWN - whenever the player presses a key, that keypress is registered in Pygame as an event. Each event is picked up by the pygame.event.get()
	method.

4) KEYUP - whenever the player holds a key4) KEYUP - whenever the player holds a key4) KEYUP - whenever the player holds a key4) KEYUP - whenever the player holds a key

5) Sprite - class Sprite enables to group related elements in a game and act on all the grouped elements at once

6) The sprite.groupcollide() method compares each bullet’s rect with each alien’s rect and returns a dictionary containing the bullets and aliens that have collided. Each key in the dictionary is a bullet, and the corresponding value is the alien that was hit.

7) The method spritecollideany() takes two arguments: a sprite and a group. The method looks for any member of the group that’s collided with
the sprite and stops looping through the group as soon as it finds one member that has collided with the sprite. Here, it loops through the group aliens and returns the first alien it finds that has collided with ship. If no collisions occur, spritecollideany() returns None and the if block at u won’t execute. If it finds an alien that’s collided with the ship, it returns that alien and the if block executes: it prints Ship hit!!!

8) pygame.font - lets Pygame remder text to the screen

9) MOUSEBUTTONDOWN - Pygame detects a MOUSEBUTTONDOWN event when the player clicks anywhere on the screen
